c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\BookAPI.exe.config
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\BookAPI.exe
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\BookAPI.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\obj\Debug\BookAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\obj\Debug\BookAPI.exe
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\obj\Debug\BookAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.dll
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.xml
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
C:\Users\Jeremy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookAPI\BookAPI\bin\Debug\WebActivator.pdb
